Add: Explain how to update to newer releases (#394)
greenbone/docs: src/22.4/source-build/workflows.md

# Workflows

> ## Updating to newer Releases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Updating to Newer Releases
```

> The [build from source guide](./index.md) is updated regularly for using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [build-from-source guide](./index.md) is updated regularly to use the
```

newest releases of the [components of the Greenbone Community Edition](../../background.md#architecture).

> If you have a source build containing older versions of the components this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a source build containing older versions of the components, this
```

section describes how to update them.

> First of all the services should be stopped to be able to replace them later on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all, the services should be stopped to be able to replace them later on.
```

> First of all the services should be stopped to be able to replace them later on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, the services should be stopped to be able to replace them later on.
```

```{code-block} shell
---

> caption: Stop all services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
caption: Stopping all services
```

---
sudo systemctl stop gsad gvmd notus-scanner ospd-openvas
```

> Afterwards you need to check the [prerequisites](./index.md#prerequisites) if
> all of them are satisfied. Especially ensure the [Install Prefix](./index.md#choosing-an-install-prefix),
> [PATH](./index.md#setting-the-path) and [required environment variables](./index.md#creating-a-source-build-and-install-directory)
> are set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Afterwards, you must verify that all [prerequisites](./index.md#prerequisites) are met.
In particular, make sure that the [install prefix](./index.md#choosing-an-install-prefix), the
[PATH](./index.md#setting-the-path) and the [required environment variables](./index.md#creating-a-source-build-and-install-directory)
are set.
```

> Next you need to follow the [build and install documentation](./index.md#building-and-installing-the-components)
> as you would if you did it the first time. This will download and install the
> latest component releases. The already installed versions will be overridden by
> the new ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you need to follow the [build and install documentation](./index.md#building-and-installing-the-components)
as you would the first time. This will download and install the
latest component releases. The already installed versions will be overwritten by
the new ones.
```

> When updating to newer release a database update may be required. The database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When updating to newer releases, a database update may be required. The database
```

> is managed by {command}`gvmd`. The following command needs to be used to update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is managed by {command}`gvmd`. The following command must be used to update
```

> the database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the database:
```

```{code-block} shell
---

> caption: Update the database schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
caption: Updating the database schema
```

---
/usr/local/sbin/gvmd --migrate
```

> As the last step after all components have been installed and the database has
> been updated the services need to be restarted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After all components have been installed and the database has
been updated, the last step is to restart the services.
```

```{code-block} shell
---

> caption: Re-start all services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
caption: Restarting all services
```
